Unexpectedly, his husband
It's actually true
Siqing is the wife who stops
Then why doesn't he reveal his identity?
Humph
That's what's so scary about this woman
She tried her best to get close to Beiting
Let Beiting fall in love with her for a long time
When the time is up
She is waiting for love
So?
Can she be the position of the young lady of the Zhan family?
Did Mr. Zhan not notice?
Beiting laughs and laughs to be afraid of him
He really wants his wife to live a life
Only later did he end up mistaking someone else for an affair
Thought his wife was cheating
So I want a divorce
Madam, what should we do now?
The divorce agreement has been signed
One month later.
They will go to the Civil Affairs Bureau for divorce
The community affair is probably waiting for this day now
So we're going to do it within a month
Find a way
Let the two of them file for divorce without seeing each other
Did it or
Just put
The affair is true
Yes, ma'am. In a minute.
How much have you just heard every day?